renamed crate (#5)
CanalTP/typed_index_collection: README.md

# typed_index_collection &emsp;  ![Build][github_actions] [![Latest Version]][crates.io]

[github_actions]: https://github.com/CanalTP/typed_index_collection/workflows/Build/badge.svg
[Latest Version]: https://img.shields.io/crates/v/typed_index_collection.svg
[crates.io]: https://crates.io/crates/typed_index_collection

> Manage typed_index_collection of objects with typed indices and buildin identifier support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Manage Typed Index Collections of objects with typed indices and built-in identifier support.
```
